Add information about environment variables to README (#5)
gambe-ro/lobsters: README.md

* If needed, create a new database configuration at `/config/database.yml`. Follow the template `/config/database.template.yml`.

* Define the following environment variables:

>   * `RAILS_ENV`: specifies in which environment Ruby on Rails will run. It must be set to one of the following values: `development`, `test`, `production`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `RAILS_ENV`: specifies in which environment Ruby on Rails will run. It must be set to one of the following values: `'development'`, `'test'`, `'production'`.
```
Che sia da aggiungere gli apici così si capisce meglio che sono stringhe?
